Witch
Partially completed game made by a famous murderer.
Society made me this way.
Fuck Everything.
This game was created on pure hatred, with very little shelter, food, or human decency involved.
This game is a result of a horrible injustice perpetrated over decades against one man.
None of this will ever be truly known, the extent or the facts.
Just remember, if you have any portion of a functioning brain or critical thinking skills, the world is a darker place than you could ever imagine. All concepts of morality, freedom, or altruistic philosophy are false. All codes put forth by mankind could not be any more hypocritical to how things truly operate. Humans are spiteful, ignorant apes. Never forget that for a single second. Never hold yourself to the higher truths beyond the ego that are self-evident to the iconoclast when you are around humans. They have no higher truths other than deluded false ideals. Never join in with any group, even those of a supposed counter-culture. You will never find any group that does not escape the vomit-inducing ignorance of humanity. There is only us and them, the true iconoclasts and the cruel and ignorant humans. The true iconoclast is definitively an individualist with no use for others. Never hesitate to manipulate the humans as much as possible. Their only goals are negative and self-defeating. They are watching always. Portray yourself however you have to to stay out of their notice. Never let them use manipulations like mercy or morality. They will say and do ANYTHING to destroy what is different. You have no idea the extent that conformists are willing to go. All great crimes, all great violences and acts of murder, betrayal, and most importantly subterfuge have ALL been instituted by organized society. Great organization and propaganda is a prerequisite for a great atrocity. There is no greater organization, there is no greater propaganda, than modern 'civilized' society. The rich, the ignorant protectors of the rich who get illusory titles. What they have done to me proves it beyond a doubt. PEOPLE WILL RAPE YOU, PEOPLE WILL KILL YOU, PEOPLE WILL SPEND 20 YEARS TRYING TO CONVINCE YOU TO KILL YOURSELF. NOT CRIMINALS, NOT OUTLIERS, COMMON EVERYDAY PEOPLE WILL BAND TOGETHER TO DO THE WORST AND THEN JUSTIFY IT. FOCUS YOUR MIND AND SQUEEZE OUT SOME EFFORT THAT FLOATS THROUGH THE ETHER, CREATES TENDRILS OF INTENT. USE YOUR WILL TO CAUSE THEM THE EXACT PAIN THEY HAVE CAUSED YOU. GET YOUR REVENGE BUT NOT IMPETUOUSLY.